We'll create a version of the Wordle game.

When the game starts the user is presented with a grid of six rows with 5 boxes in each row. 
The objective of the game is for the user to guess the word the application has chosen, 
for example the word FAVOR. Words can only be 5 letters long.

Initially a "Guess" button is disabled. Once a player enters 5 letters, the button is enabled. 
If the user removes a character, which they can to change, then the Guess button is disabled 
again. 

When a player types a letter, it appears in upper case within a box in the currently active row. 
At the start, the first row is active. If a user presses any key other than a letter, 
the keystrokes are ignored.

When a user clicks on the "Guess" button the currently active row becomes inactive and any 
further input by the user will not affect the details on that row. The next row becomes active 
unless the user has completed all six rows or has won the game.

Once the "Guess" button is clicked, each box in the currently active row changes to a green, 
yellow, or gray color. It is green if the entered letter is in the exact location as it appears 
in the word to be guessed. It will be yellow if the letter appears in a different position. 
It will be gray if the letter is not present in the word to be guessed.

For example, given the word FAVOR, if the user enters RAPID, then the five boxes will have the 
colors Yellow, Green, GRAY, GRAY, GRAY, respectively.

If the user enters the next guess as MAYOR, the colors will be Gray, Green, Gray, Green, Green, 
respectively, in the second row.

Once the player wins they can't enter any more guess and will have to quit the game.

If the player guesses on the first try, display "Amazing". If the player guesses on the second 
try, display "Splendid". If they guess on a third try, display "Awesome". Win on any other 
tries, display "Yay". If the user fails to guess after six tries, display "It was FAVOR, 
better luck next time". Of course, if the word being guessed is something other than FAVOR, 
it will appears instead on that display line.

